Update User Guide - Terrain layer selector on Background tool (#11866)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/background.md

The **Edit Current Background** window opens, allowing the user to customize the same set of information when adding a new background (see [previous section](#add-background)).

### Remove background

Backgrounds can be removed using the <img src="../img/button/delete2.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button located to the right of each background in the list.

<img src="../img/background/bck-delete.jpg" class="ms-docimage" style="max-width:500px;"/>

!!! note
    By default, for new maps, all backgrounds from *Default Backgrounds* Service are added to the background selector, and in [Catalog](catalog.md#catalog-services) they appear grayed (it's not allowed to add the same default background twice): as soon as you remove one from the background selector, it becomes selectable from the [Catalog](catalog.md#catalog-services).

    <img src="../img/background/bck-unselectable.jpg" class="ms-docimage"/>

## Background Selector on the 3D navigation

On MapStore, when [3D Navigation](navigation-toolbar.md#3d-navigation) is enabled, the user can customize the background of the map viewer.

<img src="../img/background/3d-bck-selectors.jpg" class="ms-docimage" style="max-width:500px;"/>

> If the user has editing permissions on the map, they can also add, edit, or remove terrains to use as a background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user has editing permissions on the map, they can also add, edit, or remove terrain layers to be used as a background for that map.
```

!!! note
    By default, the only terrain available in the 3D map list is *Ellipsoid*, which cannot be edited or removed.

### Add Terrains

> A new terrain can be added through the <img src="../img/button/++++.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button. This opens the **Add New Terrain**panel, where the user can select the **Provider** from: *Cesium*, *Cesium Ion* and *WMS*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new terrain can be added through the <img src="../img/button/++++.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button. This opens the **Add New Terrain** panel, where the user can select the **Provider** by choosing between: *Cesium*, *Cesium Ion* and *WMS*.
```
